Enthereon Cipher Projects General License

Copyright (c) 2020 Julian Caleb Segundo (SilverousBlack)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person 
(the "User") obtaining a copy of this software and associated 
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software 
without restriction, including without limitation of the 
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, 
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit 
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to 
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be 
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

The use of the Software subjects the User to liability of usage, 
including any damage to property and/or data.

The Software must not be used to infringe any rights and/or 
damage any form of property and/or data.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT 
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, 
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING 
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR 
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE SUBJECTS THE USER TO COMPONENT COPYRIGHTS 
AGREEMENTS THEREOF, OF WHICH DEFINES THEIR OWN TERMS OF USE AND 
LICENSE. IN NO EVENT MUST THE USER TERMINATE THESE TERMS, AND IN 
SUCH EVENT THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS ARE NOT LIABLE TO 
INFRINGEMENT OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR 
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY AND/OR 
DATA WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING 
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR 
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

This license shall be rendered null and void if any of the above,
whether as a whole or partial, are not met. This agreement also
include clauses of component licenses. Upon termination of
agreement the User must destroy/erase/remove all and any parts of
the Software from their device, this includes any component that
has been acquired solely through the Software. If the User fails
to destroy/erase/remove all and any parts of the Software, they
are subject to copyright infringement of both the Software and its
distributed components.
